# CS-340

The programs written are maintainable, readable, and adaptable because of the comments written in the codes. The comments make them very easy to understand and follow what the purpose and functionality of each part of the program is. By using the CRUD Python module that was created for Project One, it gave adaptability to the code by creating a way to filter the database for the widgets on the dashboard. It also allows for future additions if the Grazioso Salvare company requests them.

I approached this problem as a computer scientist because I created a client dashboard from the database import. I then looked at the requirements determined by the Grazioso Salvare company for specific dog breeds, ages, and gender for the specific tasks required. I created a way for the client to select the specific job and filter to show the dogs that fall under that category. This approach was different than previous assignments from other courses because it was my first time working with a database and first time working in MongoDB. The techniques and strategies I would use in the future to create databases to meet client requests would be looking at the needs of the customer and filtering the database to best serve the purpose of the client.

Computer scientists are problem solvers. The client has a problem that they want solved and the computer scientists think of a way to make it happen. For example, in this project I created a way for the client to use a dashboard to filter and show the dogs best suited for the job they are looking to fill. This is important because it created a way for the client to easily find the dogs rather than searching through the entire database by using filters to suit their needs and only show the dogs best for the tasks.
